first off in my deck I afford curious
cows because curious cow can search the
top court cards of the deck for cheese
type cards and put them in my hand then
I have four come back cows card so that
all curious cows in my discard pile can
go back into my hand to be played again
this is because I've built my entire
deck our on finding count Cornelius
cheddar count Cornelius cheddar is a
creature and achieves and he can let me
start the cheese tasting phase as soon
as he's played also as soon as he enters
the field he can untap any target
creature cheese hybrid which is perfect
because in my deck I also have brie
breaker
another feature cheese Hydra that when
played creates a cheese copy token of
any target creature cheese hybrid and
also gives that target taste
thus brie breaker can make a cheese copy
of Count Cornelius cheddar which when
played on taps free breaker who can be
tapped again to make another count for
an alias cheddar which untapped spree
breaker again and as a result I am
moving infinite this is cool cow I like
him because he's strong and he wears big
sunglasses if you play them you you put
giant sunglasses tokens on all of your
cards
you only give you like one defense but I
think they're just kind of fine nice
this video is sponsored by Magic the
Gathering arena the granddaddy of
strategy card games has never been
better on PC build your decks with
thousands of cards from cats to octopus
crabs download it free using a link
below